Draft 3/2 mw
Two IETF BOF sessions on arts and humanities issues resulted in a 
consensus by participants that the complexity of electronically 
capturing, cataloguing and accessing arts and humanities content 
requires expertise that is not widely available within the arts and 
humanities community, but represents a significant need that could be 
addressed by an IETF working group.  There is particular interest among 
IETF members to define a methodology, tools, and guidelines for the 
establishment of a clearinghouse (or multiple clearinghouses) that would 
show by example how and why the Internet can effectively store and 
showcase the wealth of information and resources comprising our world's 
cultural heritage.  The IETF's assistance would help to enrich both the 
arts and humanities and the broader community, and particularly help to 
constitute an online community that enjoys access as both consumer and 
producer of arts and humanities-based content.

The working group's mission is to guide the development of the 
infrastructure required in order that the arts and humanites community 
may create complex resources widely accessible on the Internet.

The goals of this working group include:

1) facilitate the use of the Internet as a mechanism for the arts and 
humanities to develop a knowledge base of research and information not 
now widely accessible electronically.

2) assist with the development of innovative technical tools (for 
example, templates) for the production and consumption of information, 
resources, and performance-based presentations that require unique 
protocols for electronic storage and retrieval.

3) define information content standards, any related technical 
requirements, and training that will be necessary for key arts and 
humanities constituencies to contribute information and resources to the 
Internet.
