Historically, each Internet application protocol has defined its own 
set 
ofb rules for exchanging control and data information. Although there 
are a lot of similarities (e.g., dot-stuffing in SMTP and POP, octet 
counts in HTTP and IMAP, 3-digit reply codes in FTP and SMTP), there 
isn't a lot of reuse of design. As a result, designers of new 
application protocols usually have to make the same set of design 
decisions - over and over again - to deal with the same set of 
trade-offs, but usually without the benefit of large amount of 
institutional history.

The BOF introduces a generic application protocol framework (called 
BXXP) for connection-oriented, asynchronous, request-response 
interactions over TCP. This particular subset of the problem supports a 
large class of Internet applications, whilst providing solutions to 
common design issues for those applications, including: framing, 
segmentation, structuring, and multiplexing of messages, along with an 
authentication and privacy over the transport.

A framework requires a real-world proof of concept. Blocks is an 
architecture for managing metadata and defines an exchange model for
organizing information into navigation spaces. The Blocks system is the 
model application for BXXP. The BOF introduces the issues of metadata 
management and describes how the Blocks architecture addresses those 
issues. As proof of completeness, the current Blocks implementation has 
over 25TB of data and metadata spinning.
