The goal of the Common Authentication Technology (CAT) Working Group is 
to provide distributed security services (which have included 
authentication, integrity, and confidentiality, and may broaden to 
include authorization) to a variety of protocol callers in a manner 
which insulates those callers from the specifics of underlying security 
mechanisms.

By separating security implementation tasks from the tasks of 
integrating security data elements into caller protocols, those tasks 
can be partitioned and performed separately by implementors with 
different areas of xpertise. This provides leverage for the IETF 
community's security-oriented resources, and allows protocol 
implementors to focus on the functions their protocols are designed to 
provide rather than on characteristics of security mechanisms. CAT seeks 
to encourage uniformity and modularity in security approaches, 
supporting the use of common techniques and accommodating evolution of 
underlying technologies.

In support of these goals, the working group pursues several 
interrelated tasks. We have defined a common service interface (GSS-API) 
allowing callers to invoke security services in association-oriented 
environments, with an associated token format identifying the security 
mechanism being employed. Existing documents provide C language bindings 
for GSS-API; currently ongoing work is defining bindings for Java.  
Authorization interfaces are currently being evaluated as a related area 
for follow-on work, with the level of achievable portability an 
important consideration. The CAT Working Group also defines supporting 
mechanisms to provide security services; current activity includes 
specification of "low-infrastructure" mechanisms to support ease of 
deployment and use.
