The goal of this working group is to define protocols to allow the
interoperation of separately-administered content networks.

A content network is an architecture of network elements, arranged for
efficient delivery of digital content. Such content includes, but is
not limited to, web pages and images delivered via HTTP, and streaming 
or continuous media which are controlled by RTSP.

The working group will first define requirements for three modes of
content internetworking: interoperation of request-routing systems,
interoperation of distribution systems, and interoperation of 
accounting systems.  These requirements are intended to lead to a 
follow-on effort to define protocols for interoperation of these 
systems.

In its initial form, the working group is not chartered to deliver
those protocols, but we encourage individual submission of 
internet-drafts describing protocols intended to meet the evolving 
requirements.  We anticipate rechartering of the working group to 
specify protocols, after the requirements documents are stable and
rough consensus emerges about the number and relationship of such 
protocols.

In addition to defining requirements, the working group will develop a
number of supporting documents.  These documents are: a shared 
vocabulary for the problem domain, scenarios, an overall architecture 
for interoperation, and a summary of request-routing mechanisms 
currently in use.  The total expected deliverables are as follows, 
including the current draft corresponding to each:

1. Vocabulary

http://www.ietf.org/internet-drafts/draft-day-cdnp-model-09.txt

2. Scenarios

http://www.ietf.org/internet-drafts/draft-day-cdnp-scenarios-04.txt

3. System Architecture

http://www.ietf.org/internet-drafts/draft-green-cdnp-gen-arch-03.txt

4. Request-Routing Known Mechanisms

http://www.ietf.org/internet-drafts/draft-cain-cdnp-known-request-routi
n
g-04.txt

5. Requirements for Request-Routing

http://www.ietf.org/internet-drafts/draft-cain-request-routing-req-03.t
x
t

6. Requirements for Distribution

http://www.ietf.org/internet-drafts/draft-amini-cdi-distribution-reqs-0
2
.txt

7. Requirements for Accounting

http://www.ietf.org/internet-drafts/draft-gilletti-cdnp-aaa-reqs-01.txt


In addition to the drafts listed with specific deliverables, the 
following CDI-related drafts have been written by participants in the 
group.


http://www.ietf.org/internet-drafts/draft-douglis-cdi-known-mech-00.txt

http://www.ietf.org/internet-drafts/draft-cain-cdi-cnap-00.txt

http://www.ietf.org/internet-drafts/draft-barbir-cdi-cnapcomp-00.txt
