The goal of the Common Intrusion Detection Framework (CIDF) Working
Group is to provide mechanisms to allow independently developed
intrusion detection-related (ID) components to exchange information
about events, analyses of attacks, suggested responses, and other
relevant data.

The working group aims to separate the building blocks of intrusion
detection from the logic used to manipulate them.  With a uniform
way of delivering and expressing information about attacks, ID
systems are able to share information and pool resources, while
still making their own decisions on how to process attacks and which
components to share them with.

Furthermore, ID components have stronger security requirements for
the data than do many distributed applications.  We therefore seek
mechanisms for authentication, data integrity, and confidentiality
that are fast, lightweight, and flexible, and that are additionally
independent of the stability of outside specifications.

Finally, to facilitate the re-use of code developed for ID systems,
implementers need a consistent API to access ID components.  We
plan to develop and distribute such an API.

To carry out this goal, the working group sets itself the following
tasks:

    * To define a language in which statements about events, etc
      may be expressed.

    * To define an encapsulation that allows message senders and
      receivers to apply security measures as needed.

    * To define an architecture whereby ID components may register
      their availability and mode of operation, so that other
      components may locate them.
