The Directory Information Services (pilot) Infrastructure Working
Group is chartered to facilitate the deployment in the Internet of
Directory Services based on implementations of the X.500 standards.
It will facilitate this deployment by producing informational RFCs
intended to serve as a Directory Services ``Administrator's Guide''.
These RFCs will relate the current usage and scope of the X.500
standard and Directory Services in North America and the world, and
will contain information on the procurement, installation, and
operation of various implementations of the X.500 standard.  As the
various implementations of the X.500 standard work equally well over
TCP/IP and CLNP, the DISI Working Group shall not mandate specific
implementations or transport protocols.

The DISI Working Group is an offshoot of the OSI Directory Services
Group, and, accordingly, is a combined effort of the OSI Integration
Area and User Services Area of the IETF.  The current OSIDS Working
Group was chartered to smooth out technical differences in information
storage schema and difficulties in the interoperability and coherence
of various X.500 implementations.  The DISI Group is concerned solely
with expanding the Directory Services infrastructure. As DISI will be
providing infrastructure with an eye towards truly operational status,
DISI will need to form liaisons with COSINE, Paradise, and perhaps the
RARE WG3.

As a final document, the DISI Working Group shall write a Charter for
a new working group concerned with user services, integration,
maintenance, and operations of Directory Services, the Internet
Directory User Services Group.
