As more and more resources become available on the Internet, some 
applications need to acquire geographic location information about 
certain resources or entities. These applications include navigation, 
emergency services, management of equipment in the field, and other 
location based services.

But while the formatting and transfer of such information is in some 
sense a straightforward process, the implications of doing it, 
especially in regards to privacy and security, are anything but.

The primary task of this working group will be to assess the 
authentication, integrity, and privacy requirements that arise as a 
result of the transfer of such information. Once this is done the 
working group will proceed to devise a protocol framework that meets 
these requirements.

In addition, the working group will define the actual format used to 
represent the geographic location of an identifiable entity.

The combination of these two elements should provide a service capable 
of transferring geographic location information in a private and secure 
fashion.

For interoperability reasons, a  single absolute/default format shall be
specified that must be supported by all SLO-aware entities. This format 
shall have (at least) a location specified in earth-based coordinates 
(Longitude, Latitude, and Altitude) and a Timestamp when these values 
were last known. An existing format standardized elsewhere may be used 
if one is appropriate. In addition, a framework for adding any optional 
geographic location  representations shall be defined. The working group 
will not define any optional geographic location representation formats. 
(If necessary defining optional representation(s) can be a future work 
effort.)

There must also be a security mechanism  selected/designed for SLO 
Payloads. The security mechanism must be supported by all SLO-aware 
entities.
