The goal of this working group is to produce a next generation of the 
HTTP protocol that builds on the experience from HTTP/1.X --- notably 
including proxies, caching, and firewalls --- by adding explicit 
layering and modularity to better support the World Wide Web and the 
other applications that are being layered on top of, and just plain 
tunnelled through, HTTP. The WG goals will emphasize transitioning 
existing application functionality to a better technology base, rather 
than improving the application functionality.

Because HTTP's functionality spans a range that includes both the 
Transport and Application areas of the IETF, this working group should 
draw participants from both areas.

The WG will first develop a requirements document detailing the needed
changes to the HTTP/1.x protocol.  A current draft of this document 
calls for the factoring of HTTP into three layers: the lowest will 
provide opaque message transport services needed by the next layer, 
building upon current and/or future Internet transport protocols such as 
TCP and UDP; the middle will be a general remote invocation layer; and 
the highest will be an expression of the web application in terms of the 
lower two.

The WG will then proceed to standardize the pieces into which HTTP is to 
be factored.  The WG will also develop techniques for the transition of 
the Web from HTTP/1.x to HTTP/NG.

The following work is specifically excluded from the scope of this 
working group: definitions of language mappings and/or ancillary APIs 
for the remote invocation layer; significantly advancing the 
functionality of web applications; development of base transport 
protocols (e.g. any replacement for TCP).
