The IP/1394 WG formed in the summer of 1997 after a single BOF. The
goal is to enable TCP/IP over IEEE 1394 in devices with a wide range of
capabilities. Example devices are network-devices such as PCs, as well 
as, devices such as cameras, VCRs, and TVs, which are not traditionally
networked. The WG expects these IP/1394 devices to communicate with 
hosts across the global Internet and within a single home Intranet.

IEEE 1394 is a family of related documents: IEEE Std 1394-1995, the only
formally approved IEEE 1394 standard, IEEE P1394a, a supplement to the
original that contains corrections and enhancements, IEEE P1394b, an 
ongoing supplement that defines higher data rates and longer distances 
over additional media types, and IEEE P1394.1, ongoing work to define 
homogeneous 1394 to 1394 bridges. IP/1394 WG members are working 
informally within P1394.1 so that in the future, IP/1394 devices may be 
able to communicate through 1394 bridges. Also, an informal liaison 
exists with P1394a to insure ARP, Multicast Channel Allocation Protocol 
(MCAP), and IP broadcast can utilize the P1394a broadcast channel.

The IP/1394 WG plans to deliver the following two documents:

* IPv4 over 1394 Specification

* 1394 Extensions for DHCP (with cooperation from DHCP WG)

For only IPv4, the IPv4 over 1394 document defines:

* Encapsulation of ARP, MCAP, IP unicast, IP multicast, and IP 
  broadcast.

* The ARP protocol that maps IP unicast addresses to 64 bit 1394 addrs.

* The MCAP protocol that maps IP multicast addresses to 1394 channels.

* A mapping of IP Broadcast addresses to the P1394a broadcast channel.

* An IEEE 1212 Unit Directory that allows dynamic loading of IP/1394
  drivers.

There are no IP/1394 WG plans to work on an IPv6 over 1394 
specification, a 1394 SNMP MIB, or methods to relate 1394 services 
(including a 1394 isochronous service) to other Quality of Service (QoS) 
IETF work. Plans may change if sufficient interest is expressed and 
enough individuals agree to do the work. So far, one WG member produced 
an IPv6 over 1394 ID; another WG member wrote an IP over isochronous 
1394 ID. These drafts should be the starting points for any future work 
on their respective topics.

In the Fall of 1999, WG members plan to have an interoperability event 
to test all aspects of the IPv4 over 1394 document. The purpose of the 
testing is to advance the document through the IETF standardization 
process.
