JXTA is a set of open, generalized peer-to-peer protocols that allow 
any connected device (cell phone, to PDA, PC to server) on the network 
to communicate and collaborate.  The JXTA Community 
<http://www.jxta.org> has been the home of JXTA development since April 
2001.  The projects managed by the JXTA Community span from multiple 
implementations of the JXTA Protocol Specification to numerous 
applications and services implemented on top of the various reference 
language binding implementations (J2SE, Personal Java, J2ME, C).

The JXTA Community wishes to submit to the IETF the JXTA Protocol 
Specification encompassing the JXTA architecture, Identifiers, Message 
Formats, Core/Standard Services, and Transports common to all JXTA 
implementations.  It is understood by the JXTA Community that upon 
acceptance by the IETF, the IETF will maintain full change control over 
the protocol specification.  The JXTA Community will maintain change 
control over the reference implementations and applications/services 
built upon the JXTA Protocol Specification.

It is expected that a JXTA WG if formed will consist of currently 
participating JXTA Community members and interested members from the 
IETF Community.

This BOF is intended to raise and address any questions associated with 
the formation of a JXTA WG as well as introduce area of work that will 
be necessary for a successful completion of the working group effort.

All members of the IETF interested in JXTA are urged to join the JXTA 
Community at http://www.jxta.org.  Discussion on the subject of IETF 
participation will take place on the discuss@jxta.org mailing list 
which may be joined from http://www.jxta.org/project/www/maillist.html.
