The purpose of the MANET working group is to standardize IP routing
protocol functionality suitable for wireless routing application within
both static and dynamic topologies with increased dynamics due to node
motion or other factors.

Approaches are intended to be relatively lightweight in nature, 
suitable
for multiple hardware and wireless environments, and address scenarios
where MANETs are deployed at the edges of an IP infrastructure. Hybrid
mesh infrastructures (e.g., a mixture of fixed and mobile routers)
should also be supported by MANET specifications and management 
features.

Using mature components from previous work on experimental reactive and
proactive protocols, the WG will develop two Standards track routing
protocol specifications:

- Reactive MANET Protocol (RMP)
- Proactive MANET Protocol (PMP)

If significant commonality between RMRP and PMRP protocol modules is
observed, the WG may decide to go with a converged approach. Both IPv4
and IPv6 will be supported. Routing security requirements and issues
will also be addressed.

The MANET WG will also develop a scoped forwarding protocol that can
efficiently flood data packets to all participating MANET nodes. The
primary purpose of this mechanism is a simplified best effort multicast
forwarding function. The use of this protocol is intended to be applied
ONLY within MANET routing areas and the WG effort will be limited to
routing layer design issues.

The MANET WG will pay attention to the OSPF-MANET protocol work within
the OSPF WG and IRTF work that is addressing research topics related to
MANET environments.
