Note: There is an additional file storage area at 
      ftp://standards.nortelnetworks.com/megaco/docs/

      There is a Web interface (up to February 2001 only):
      http://standards.nortelnetworks.com/archives/megaco.html

The Megaco media gateway control protocol, RFC 3015 (also published as 
ITU-T Recommendation H.248), was developed by the Megaco Working Group 
in close cooperation with ITU-T Study Group 16. The protocol responds
to the requirements documented in RFC 2805.

The Megaco Working Group has identified a large number of corrections
to the protocol specification in the year and a half since RFC 
3015/Rec. 
H.248 was approved. As guardians of the protocol specification, Study 
Group 16 maintains a record of these corrections in the form of an 
"Implementor's Guide". Study Group 16 now proposes to issue a new 
version of Recommendation H.248 incorporating these corrections and a 
limited number of new protocol features. The current charter includes 
one package, on naming patterns. If the WG determines that other 
packages are of general usefulness, an AD and IESG review is needed to 
permit addition of the package to the charter.

The basic mandate of the Megaco Working Group is to cooperate with the 
ITU-T in the continuing refinement and evolution of the Megaco/H.248 
protocol. This specifically includes participation in the development
of H.248v2 and subsequent versions, creation of packages of general 
usefulness to users of the protocol, and creation of documents
providing additional information to the development community on 
specific aspects of the protocol.

The work of package development for specific applications is 
specifically excluded from the Working Group's mandate. However, the 
Megaco list will continue to be a place where such packages can be 
discussed and refined before being submitted to the IESG for potential 
publication as individually-submitted RFCs.
