The Message Tracking MIB working group will produce two standards
track documents: a message tracking model document and a MIB
document.

The model  will describe the message tracking problem by
identifying the entities involved (e.g., message relays or "MTAs",
management agents), define relationships between the entities,
define approaches for inter-domain message tracking, and address
security issues. Messages will be tracked from the time an MTA
accepts a message, up through the time it delivers the message on
to another entity, which could be another MTA, a message store, or
other possibilities. Some of  these destinations will generate
subsequent messages (status notifications, list expansions, etc.),
which need to be related to the original message for further
tracking. The types of messages to be tracked include RFC 822bis
messages, and optionally others.

The MIB will contain SNMP MIB variables used to track messages
(e.g. message tracking request identifier, message identifier,
recipient name, delivery time), will describe specific elements
of procedure for using those MIB variables, and will discuss
security. A mechanism will be developed whereby a manager may
request specific message tracking information using a variety of
criteria (e.g. message identifier, originator  name, time range,
wild-cards), and obtain information about messages that satisfy
those criteria. Such  information is useful for fault,
performance, and security purposes.
