The Open Network Computing Remote Procedure Call Working Group was
originally formed to update the RFCs that describe ONC RPC to reflect
the current state of the deployed and accepted technology, and submit
them for Internet standardization.  RFCs have been submitted for the
three core ONC technologies: RPC (RFC1831), RPC Binding (RFC 1833)
and XDR (RFC1832).

During this work, IESG identified the area of security as requiring
improvement prior to standardizing the core RPC technologies (RPC and
RPC Binding).  Therefore, the Working Group shall develop and define
a security mechanism for ONC RPC which shall, at the minimum, allow
for strong authentication of client and server principals.  The core
RPC technologies will be unblocked from the standards track once
such a mechanism is approved as a Proposed Standard, provided
that its design does not require changes to the core RPC technologies.

The basis for the work will be the RPCSEC_GSS Protocol Specification,
draft-ietf-oncrpc-rpcsec_gss.00.txt.

The document editor will be Michael Eisler.

Background:

ONC RPC is a Remote Procedure Call technology that originated in Sun
Microsystems in the early 1980s. ONC RPC was modelled on Xerox's
Courier RPC protocols. It has been widely deployed on platforms from
most major workstation vendors. It has been implemented on MS-DOS,
Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Windows NT, Mac, VMS, MVS, and
practically all flavors of UNIX, among others. Sun Microsystems has
delegated change control for the ONC RPC protocols for the purposes
of making an Internet Standard to the IETF (see RFC 1790).
