The Remote Boot Protocol Working Group is chartered to define a standard 
protocol between the remote boot client and the responding server.  The 
Working Group objective is to produce a protocol that insures remote 
boot clients, of arbitrary platform and instruction set architecture, 
will be able to choose and obtain an appropriate boot program from a 
arbitrary variety of boot servers, without the necessity of site 
specific pre-configuration of the client.

The working group will consider existing remote boot methods. The 
protocol defined by the working group will be consistent with DHCP and 
the Service Location Protocol. The working group will coordinate with 
both the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol and the Service Location 
Protocol Working Groups. The output of this WG will consist of a base 
architectural document that provides the framework for how remote boot 
will be done (i.e., defines the protocol), together with one or more 
documents defining the required capabilities of the remote boot client 
and the responding server. The protocol document will describe how the 
remote boot client will discover an appropriate boot server, how the 
client will identify itself to the boot server, and how the remote boot 
client will obtain a boot program. If possible, an existing protocol to 
locate a boot service (e.g. Service Location Protocol) will be used. 
IANA registration for types of remote boot clients and types of boot 
servers will be specified as part of the base protocol. Documenting 
necessary capabilities of the remote boot client and boot server will be 
done elsewhere (i.e., in standalone documents).
