The SNMP-NG Working Group is chartered to prepare recommendations for
the next generation of SNMP.  The goal of the Working Group is to
produce the necessary set of documents that will provide a single
standard for the next generation of core SNMP functions.

During the past several years, there have been a number of activities
aimed at incorporating security and other improvements to SNMP.
Unfortunately, strongly held differences on how to incorporate these
improvements into SNMP prevented the SNMPV2 Working Group from coming
to closure on a single approach.  As a result, two different approaches
(commonly called V2u and V2*) have emerged.
 
The Security and Administrative Framework Evolution for SNMP Advisory
Team (the Advisory Team) was formed to provide single recommended
approach for SNMP evolution.  The technical starting point for the
Working Group will be the recommended approach provided by the Advisory
Team.  The initial product of the Working Group will be documenting the
design of the Advisory Team recommended approach.  At a minimum, this
documentation will define the modules and interfaces that were
identified by the Team.
 
Recognizing the need for prompt completion of the specifications, the
Working Group will try to accommodate the following objectives:
 
 - accommodate the wide range of operational environments with
   differing management demands;
 
 - facilitate the need to transition from previous, multiple protocols
   to SNMP-NG;
 
 - facilitate the ease of setup and maintenance activities;
 
Previous delays in providing a single standard for the next generation
of SNMP core functions dictate that the Working Group move forward as
quickly as possible to document and publish Internet Drafts and RFC's.
To this end, the Working Group will make use of as much existing
documentation as practical.  Additionally, functional changes beyond
those needed to provide a single approach will be strongly
discouraged.
